>> Scott Moss: Welcome back, I hope
everyone had a chance to setup the route
handlers in the service yellow file for
the to-do's and the to-do route.
And we're also going to walk through how
to set up parameters as one of these
routes as well and then how you can
access them inside your lambda functions.
So first things first, we can pretty
much just, if you followed along before.
You could probably just copy what I have
here, and we'll place that on the todos
underneath the handler while
I have both of these open.
And we'll just paste that there.
And instead,
we'll just call this todo GET.
And then for the todo one, this is where
we wanna use an ID cuz it's rest and
That's just how you
follow with a parameter.
So we'll call this one todo and then for
the parameter we'll use this syntax here,
and then we'll just say id.
And this right here is basically
saying here's a place holder for
an ID that I wanna use.
Now, depending on what version of
servers offline we're using all
these in the gateway now you might
also have to come down here and
add like parameters,
>> Scott Moss: parameters,
okay, I'm sorry, yeah there it is, it's
request, yeah, request object parameters.
>> Scott Moss: And then in
the parameters you have to say ID True.
Just to make sure it actually
goes through API gateway.
Because API gateway is very
configurable and very strict.
So you would have to, this is telling to,
like, hey, allow this to happen.
Allow it to happen so
the Landa can access it.
Otherwise it may or may not do it.
The behavior I've observed
is [INAUDIBLE] list.
So it's better to be explicit
that leave it up to chance.
>> Scott Moss: So, this sets up our route.
And from here always should be able to
do is just coming here, yarn dev, and
on 4,500 here I'm just gonna
use http pi here to a 4,500.
And I'm gonna head up todo, and boom,
we get back those to-dos good to go.
And then, I'm gonna do Slash, some random
ID here, and also get back that todo.
And then as far as the lambdas themselves,
and what that will look like, if we go
into the To Do on the hazard parameter.
Did anybody look to see where
that parameter is coming in and
how you can access it?
Alright, what is it on?
Is it on the event?
Is it on the context?
>> Speaker 2: It's on the event.
>> Scott Moss: It's on the event, yes.
So, let's just look at this now.
Let's just verify what's going on here.
I know we look at the event in AWS.
Let's just see what's happening here.
And restart-
>> Speaker 2: You have some typos.
>> Scott Moss: It's not gonna work.
>> Speaker 2: Nice.
>> Speaker 2: In JSON and-.
>> Scott Moss: No.
There we go, cool.
I don't know why VS Code
has that autocomplete just in
your face as you're typing.
It's so annoying.
>> Scott Moss: All right.
So now, if we run, is that TODO?
Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: And
we look at the logs, here's the event.
You can see we got some headers,
the actual PATH, so
this is the PATH relative to the ROOT.
Any parameters.
This is what that parameter true does that
actually just sets it up really nice for
you like this.
And then just like the request context,
the account ID,
the resource ID, stage,
all those different type of things.
Authorizer, we'll talk a little
more about authorizers, but we will
not actually writing custom authorizers,
and then just some basic other stuff here.
Anybody take a look at the context
object and what was on here?
>> Scott Moss: No?
All right, let's take a look.
>> Scott Moss: So in the context object,
again it really depends on what you're
doing, if you need this or not But for
this case for offline it really is
not that helpful cuz it's offline.
But basically, it gives you the name
of the lambda function you're actually
executing in which is great for
things like analytics and stuff like that.
If you're trying to log analytics
on your lambda functions,
now you know what function was ran.
So that's mostly what I use context for
is things like analytics cuz it's more of
Platform information than
it is the actual event.
So then, the versioning of your function,
because you can actually version your
lambdas, and
we'll talk about that when we deploy.
You'll get the ARN.
If you don't know what ARN in Amazon,
ARN stands for Amazon resource number.
It's basically a unique identifier for
any resource on Amazon,
whether it's a lambda function
All the way to a database table.
It's a unique identifier.
And it's a combination of your account ID,
the region, some random thing.
It's a unique identifier.
So this is the ARN for
this lambda function which, again,
is really good for analytics and
stuff like that and debugging.
And then,
you just get things like the request ID,
which is the ID that AWS API Gateway
assigned to this request.
Sometimes, it'll be in the header.
You should probably get rid of it,
because it's a security thing.
And we didn't talk about this,
but by default,
when you deploy to AWS,
Service creates a log group for you.
So you could actually
go look at your logs.
This is the group name and
the stream name of those logs, so
you can go check them out.
So whenever you do a log inside of Lambda
on AWS, those logs get written to a file.
This is where these files are on AWS.
This is the name of it.
So when we deploy again, we'll go check
out those logs and see what's happening.
The other way is you can check out your
logs is through your terminal 2, you can
stream them but just looking at them while
you do this is probably pretty simpler.
And then identity,
this is if you did a customer authorizer,
like if you add another lambda function
in front of this lambda function that
authorized access to this lambda function.
So AWS has this thing called incognito
which is like there are version of Zero.
And they do things like social out,
password out, and JWTs.
It would add things here, and then,
client context is just context of
the client sent of if you need
which is almost never and
that's basically what
the context object is.
Any questions on any of the stuff?
>> Scott Moss: Can you mock the context,
similar to how you do the event?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, from my understanding,
you can't do it through service offline.
But if you run evoke locally, you can
mock out whatever the hell you want.
>> Scott Moss: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.